We can tell a hundred stories;
We can speak a million words;
We can paint a thousand pictures,
But will a heart be stirred?
We can often make a diff’rence
With a kindly word or deed,
But sometimes just a smile
Is all we really need.
Just a smile can lift a weary heart.
Just a smile can help us make a start.
When you’ve done your best
praying you’ll succeed,
Then you will see a smile is what we need.
This world is unforgiving
—full of coldness and despair.
Many hopes are disappointed
by a world that doesn’t care.
And we see it in their faces
as they pass us on the street.
So we offer hope and comfort
to the people that we meet.
Just a smile can lift a weary heart.
Just a smile can help us make a start.
When you’ve done your best
praying you’ll succeed,
Then you will see a smile is what we need.
At times we feel downhearted
when no one seems to care
About the hope we offer
or the message that we bear.
For some hearts are just too hardened
to receive the Kingdom seed.
But could it be a friendly smile
is what they really need?
Just a smile can lift a weary heart.
Just a smile can help us make a start.
When you’ve done your best
praying you’ll succeed,
Then you will see a smile is what we need.